hey guys it's brandon day 7 of the build
and day two of my scar when Trevor tried
to impale me feel like I'm overreacting
into that but it feels like I have
rugburn on my face so but yeah today we
are gonna do a little bit more on that
wall of it they're after me my dad
actually move some of these yard sales
stuff out of the way trevor's action out
with me right now he's at work he'll be
off about seven so he'll be he'll be
here later in the video to help out and
everything but for now I'm going to get
all this stuff moved alright so we've
got the table back there and everything
today we want to get this wall going
right here now I was going to come out
probably do a few pallets Trey get it
finished just having that ought to keep
figure out the dimensions and everything
in this this room that's we're going to
try to get accomplished say before the
Sun Goes Down which is like in an hour
so that's what we got for you today now
all of this is up got this the ground
there's the table and stuff so I'll walk
you around it really quick so those are
both stacked going to connect down on a
second stack that one and those what we
got so far those sacked
considering we have 20 pallets it's it's
pretty easy to be able to use that I
mean we're going to be really productive
when the weekend's over and stuff when
we get more more time and everything
we're going to have a lot more pallets
I'll actually take you guys through a
quick walkthrough actually right now it
isn't that beautiful so this is another
walkthrough feel like II giving you guys
a lot but you know what i like to treat
you so there's all that and everything
like i said that the shelves are going
to go right here the truck is you're
going to come down here across your
doggies be closed it's going to be a
hallway and I come through here now
going to go through all this you're
going to turn around right here it's
gonna be the first room I think we're
going to have I think we're going to
have three rooms I think it is total in
this maze because we'll try to be a
little more room oriented this you're
like with people in there instead just
the standard you know scaring in a spot
that you can't really see them in like
somebody's part in the sand like right
here you know by a table and you know
kind just like kind of lurk I guess you
could say um beyond the next thing
that's going to come out to that that
we're going to be working on the next
couple days from here is the flush
hallway it's going to have flesh pelts
right here there's gonna be a scare spot
right along here it's going to be a wall
that you're not gonna be able to really
see and they're going to stand inside
here and there kinda is can be able to
follow you and you're not really gonna
be able to see them because it's gonna
be really dark and yeah it's basically a
little bit of a progress report right
there all right more the wall is done
and I know of obsessed so I have to show
you again because I just love seeing it
all right that wall is up now everything
for this all right and we're working on
that wall too right there just putting
it up so we get an idea because like i
said the hallways going to be right here
so that way we kind of know we're
working with what's going to look like
have an idea then everything yeah that
one's up now and that looks really good
and
gonna maybe stock this one tonight not
really sure yet not really a priority
because back here whatever we sell the
garage and everything but love to see we
get to all right we had to put the light
on because the Sun went down so now it's
nighttime working still waiting for
Trevor he's not here yet we're gonna
make a pallet run maybe Home Depot
because we actually round a pain to for
this but we got the flood light on for
this and everything we're film in it so
then you gotta see it see what it looks
like and everything we got these stack
now this wall is all done and see when
Trevor gets here hey guys we are at taco
bell now Trevor just got off of work
about 10 minutes ago what not having the
dinner of champions here yep how to
build a local taco bell but then we're
gonna make a pallet run good on
people maybe efficiency yeah but you
know actually I got off work and went
over to brandons house he amazes that
lot progress looks good sup guys Trevor
you know just got back from Taco Bell a
little food in us home depot was closed
we didn't get any more pain but we did
get total helots you know again like to
be bouncing got a nice you know house I
was you know pretty pretty relieved to
see how much got done you know despite
my absence kind of you know it sucked
that I wasn't able to be there but
notice i was i was happy to see how much
got done oh yeah pretty pretty
productive day despite the fact that i
didn't really think that much was even
going to get done today and we actually
got some pictures that we can put up on
facebook as well tonight we'll get that
up you know it's only September third we
still have a lot of times we're almost
halfway on my whole driveway this
exactly you know this weekend it was a
slow weekend but we still got you know
good amount done we have it we know it
he'll must add it on to like you know
what we're gonna need to do for the rest
you know I mean the room in the hallway
now is they
and on Monday is going to be a crazy
just like super productive day tomorrow
hopefully well you know well you know
get some more pallets that way Monday
strictly building try to get a lot done
you know I mean it's we're looking
forward to it it's gonna be fun you know
we want to see this thing get done I
mean that's why I was doing the front
again day I was what we wanted more
paint because we want to see it good you
know get them you know what I mean the
paint it sucks but again it's only
decoration it's it's cool to get
decoration done but the bill is really
important so we're not you know we're
not stressing too much over the paint oh
yeah but we're also looking forward to
polo 18 you know don't try to you know
you have any spoilers away we got a we
got a few comments and stuff saying that
it was um for the most part decent you
know we're definitely going to try to
see that tomorrow or monday or something
that's nothing we have to kind of so get
through because i really want to see
that movie um I think it looks pretty
awesome so on see that we've seen it
interesting point of view but yeah you
know just a good stay tuned for
everything and um even you know go on a
Facebook comment on those pictures tell
us what you think yeah for the picture
today and stuff we only got like I only
took like two or three but yeah um I
think that's about it for the most part
for today keep watching you're doing
pretty good considering you know you rap
since most the day but I think your work
schedule is decent for the rest of the
week yeah i mean i was making about you
know 30 hours a week but it's good hours
you know i'm closing so i can worked in
the day i usually only work till about
you know three I mean it's just good
hours nowhere till five you know so and
in three hours of work is actually a lot
you know it's a lot that we can you know
get done but anyways stay tuned and
gives you guys later all right live